Q:How did viewing the diff between two versions
of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
A:By viewing both files side by side it easy to pin
point the differences that were made in the new file.

Q:How could having easy access to the entire history
of a file make you more efficient programmer in the
long term?
A:It will be easy be check at which point things
stopped working and what went wrong. Also it will
easy to go back to those versions and also merge
some of those if needed.

Q:What do you think are the pros and cons of manually
choosing when to create a commit, like on in git, vs
having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs
does?
A:Pros:You can choose what you want to commit or
when you want to commit along with the right to
determine if the change is big enough to be committed
and called a new version.
Cons:If you make multiple changes and do not commit
it will be difficult to differentiate between changes
also if you forget to commit a certain change that version
will not be accessible.

Q:Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A:As Git is is meant for code saving, a-lot of the times
multiple files combined make one single function work
so this function is very helpful.

 Q:How can you use commands git log and git diff to view
 the history of files?
A:Git log command shows all the commits done across the projects along with author of it, time of the commit and the id given to it. It shows it in a descending order where most current change is at the top. Git diff command shows the changes between two files to see the difference you have to enter id of an early version of file and the version in which you want to see changes. addition of lines is colored green and removal is colored red.

Q:How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A:Well for one I can go any non_buggy state any time I want, I can also see all the changes I have made so, I can solve the exact problem without much hassle.


Q:Now that you have your workspace setup,
what do you want to using git for?
A:i will like to use it for my Final Year project.